
Scenario: Simple Bug Fix with Pull Request

•	Goal: Go through the process of identifying, fixing, and merging a simulated bug in a simple text file using a pull request.

Context: (For now, you can ignore this but just know we're fixing a "bug" in a document.) We have a list of fruits in a file, and "bananan" is misspelled. We'll fix it.

Prerequisites:
1.	GitHub Account: You need a GitHub account.
2.	Git Installed: You need Git installed on your local machine.

Step-by-Step Procedure (Follow Blindly):

Phase 1: Create the Repository and "Bug"

1.	Create a New Repository:
o	Go to GitHub, log in, and click the "+" button in the upper right corner.
o	Select "New repository."
o	Name it: fruit-list
o	Set it to "Public."
o	Check the box "Add a README file."
o	Click "Create repository."

2.	Clone the Repository:
o	On your repository's page, click the green "Code" button.
o	Copy the HTTPS URL (it will look like https://github.com/<your-username>/fruit-list.git).
o	Open your terminal or command prompt.
o	Navigate to a directory where you want to store your project: cd <your-desired-directory>
o	Clone the repository: git clone <repository-url> (replace <repository-url> with what you copied).
o	cd fruit-list

3.	Create the fruits.txt File:
o	Navigate to the folder using terminal: cd fruit-list
o	Create a new file using the command: touch fruits.txt

4.	Add Content to fruits.txt:
o	Open fruits.txt in a text editor (VS Code, Notepad, etc.).
o	Paste in the following content:
content_copyaddcompare_arrowsopen_in_full
apple
orange
bananan
grape
mango

5.	Stage the changes:
o	Add the files to staging: git add .

6.	Commit Initial Changes:
o	In your terminal, commit the changes: git commit -m "Add initial fruit list"

7.	Push to GitHub:
o	Push the changes to the remote repository: git push

Phase 2: Fix the "Bug" and Create a Pull Request

1.	Create a New Branch:
o	In your terminal, create a new branch: git checkout -b fix/spelling-banana

2.	Edit fruits.txt:
o	Open fruits.txt in your text editor.
o	Change bananan to banana.
o	Save the file.

3.	Commit the Fix:
o	In your terminal: git add fruits.txt
o	git commit -m "Fix: Correct spelling of banana

4.	Push the Branch:
o	Push the branch to GitHub: git push -u origin fix/spelling-banana

5.	Create a Pull Request:
o	Go to your fruit-list repository on GitHub.
o	You should see a yellow box that says something like "fix/spelling-banana had recent pushes less than a minute ago."
o	Click the "Compare & pull request" button.
o	In the "Title" field, change the title to "Fix spelling of banana".
o	In the comment section, type "Corrected the spelling of banana in fruits.txt."
o	Click the green "Create pull request" button.

Phase 3: Merge the Pull Request

1.	Review and Merge:
o	You are now viewing the pull request you just created.
o	Scroll down and look at the "Files changed" tab.
o	Verify that you only changed "bananan" to "banana."
o	If everything looks good, click the green "Merge pull request" button.
o	Click "Confirm merge."

2.	Delete the Branch (Optional):
o	After the merge, you can delete the branch. You'll see a button that says "Delete branch." You can click it, or you can leave it.

3.	Update Local Repository:
o	Go back to your terminal.
o	Change to the main branch: git checkout main
o	Pull the changes: git pull
o	Now check your local fruits.txt.

Completion:

You have now:
•	Created a repository.
•	Added a file with a "bug."
•	Created a new branch.
•	Fixed the "bug."
•	Created a pull request.
•	Merged the pull request.
•	Pulled the changes locally.

Important Notes:
•	Replace <your-username>: Anywhere you see <your-username>, replace that with your actual GitHub username.
•	Copy and Paste: Feel free to copy and paste the commands directly from here into your terminal.
•	Blindly: You do not have to make any changes, this is step by step example


